You've had an opportunity to
learn about the important role
stakeholders play
and different ways
to communicate with them.
Let's review what we covered.
We started by
defining stakeholders
and their roles in
protecting an organization.
We also explored
the sensitive nature
of communications with
stakeholders and the
importance of sharing
that information with
care and confidentiality.
Then, we discussed
information that
needs to be communicated
to stakeholders.
After all, stakeholders
are extremely busy,
so we only want to share
relevant information that
they need to be aware of.
We ended our discussion by
introducing various
communications strategies,
including emails, phone
calls, and visual dashboards.
Understanding who
the stakeholders
are within your
organization and how to
communicate with them,
will help you throughout
your career as a
security professional.
Be intentional about
the strategies
you use to communicate.
Remove unnecessary details from
your communications, and be
specific and precise when
relaying information
to stakeholders.
Stakeholders are
depending on you,
as a story-teller, to tell
them the security story,
or the potential issues and
solutions, in a way
that makes sense.
The communication strategies we
discussed will
help you stand out
as someone who has
a combination of
technical and
transferable skills.
Coming up, your instructor for
the final sections of
this course, Emily,
will discuss a few
ways to engage with
the security
community and how to
find and apply for jobs
in the security field.